Separate online and in-person collaborative documents (#125)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/workshop-template: files/collaborative_document_online.md

## 🙋Getting help

To ask a question, type `/hand` in the chat window.
To ask a question, raise your hand in zoom. Click on the icon labeled "Reactions" in the toolbar on the bottom center of your screen,
then click the button 'Raise Hand ✋'. For urgent questions, just unmute and speak up!

To get help, type `/help` in the chat window.

> You can ask questions in the document or chat window and helpers will try to help you.

Author: This is what we actually do in practice

> You can ask questions or ask for help in the chat window and helpers will try to help you.

Author: This is what we actually do in practice

## 🙋Getting help

To ask a question, raise your hand in zoom. Click on the icon labeled "Reactions" in the toolbar on the bottom center of your screen,
then click the button 'Raise Hand ✋'. For urgent questions, just unmute and speak up!

> You can also ask questions or ask for help in the chat window and helpers will try to help you.

Author: This is what we actually do in practice

Reviewer: Not every zoom client has a "raise hand" option this is why '/hand' in the chat, I think we can keep both then.

Author: Check

Please note it is not necessary to monitor the chat - the helpers will make sure that relevant questions are addressed in a plenary way.

> (NB: Off-topic questions will still be answered in the chat)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(By the way, off-topic questions will still be answered in the chat)
```
Not everyone will know what NB means.
